src/people/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: People

people:
    - name: Alex Doe
      image: http://placekitten.com/150/150
      type: member
      location: Los Angeles, CA, USA
      links: { website: "example.com", email: "foo@example.com" }
      specialties: Software Architecture, Business Development, Database Administration
      interests: Non-profits, Cooperative Development
      bio: >
          Poop on floor and watch human clean up open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me! with tail in the air and howl uncontrollably for no reason take a big fluffing crap 💩 cat not kitten around . Growl at dogs in my sleep find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one or when in doubt, wash yet eat from dog's food and sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum so have secret plans.
    - name: Blake Smith
      image: "http://placekitten.com/150/150"
      type: maintainer
      location: Tokyo, Japan
      links: { website: "example.com", email: "foo@example.com" }
      specialties: Branding, Visual Design, Marketing, Content Strategy
      interests: Facilitation, Dungeon Mastering, Community Outreach
      bio: >
          Tuxedo cats always looking dapper mew mew so groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked. Eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender cats go for world domination yet i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo so fall asleep on the washing machine, yet really likes hummus.
---

{% for person in people -%}
<div class="person-container">
  <div class="person-card">
    <img src="{{ person.image }}" />
    <div>
      <h3>{{ person.name }}</h3>
      {{ person.type }}<br/>
      {{ person.location }}
      <ul>
        {% for name, url in person.links -%}
        <li><a href="{{ url }}">{{ name }}</a></li>
        {% endfor -%}
      </ul>
    </div>
  </div>
  <p><strong>Specialties:</strong> <em>{{ person.specialties }}</em></p>
  <p><strong>Interests:</strong> <em>{{ person.interests }}</em></p>
  <p>{{ person.bio }}</p>
</div>
{% endfor -%}

Commit message:

Add content for Ana Ulin.

src/people/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: People

people:
    - name: Alex Doe
      image: http://placekitten.com/150/150
      type: member
      location: Los Angeles, CA, USA
      links: { website: "example.com", email: "foo@example.com" }
      specialties: Software Architecture, Business Development, Database Administration
      interests: Non-profits, Cooperative Development
      bio: >
          Poop on floor and watch human clean up open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me! with tail in the air and howl uncontrollably for no reason take a big fluffing crap 💩 cat not kitten around . Growl at dogs in my sleep find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one or when in doubt, wash yet eat from dog's food and sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum so have secret plans.
    - name: Blake Smith
      image: "http://placekitten.com/150/150"
      type: maintainer
      location: Tokyo, Japan
      links: { website: "example.com", email: "foo@example.com" }
      specialties: Branding, Visual Design, Marketing, Content Strategy
      interests: Facilitation, Dungeon Mastering, Community Outreach
      bio: >
          Tuxedo cats always looking dapper mew mew so groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked. Eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender cats go for world domination yet i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo so fall asleep on the washing machine, yet really likes hummus.
    - name: Ana Ulin
      image: /people/img/anaulin.jpg
      type: maintainer
      location: Oakland, CA
      links: { website: "https://anaulin.org", email: "mailto:ana@ulin.org" }
      specialties: Backend, APIs, Infrastructure, Automation, Engineering Leadership
      interests: Democratic Governance, Facilitation, Social Justice
      bio: >
          I am an experienced software engineer and engineering leader. I've worked at companies big and small, as an employee and as a contractor, as an individual contributor and as a manager. I stumbled upon Zinc during my search for better ways of working together, and I've been a happy contributor since September 2020. My engineering strengths lie in backend engineering, services and APIs. I can also help with automation, data integration, and engineering leadership and process coaching.
---

{% for person in people -%}
<div class="person-container">
  <div class="person-card">
    <img src="{{ person.image }}" />
    <div>
      <h3>{{ person.name }}</h3>
      {{ person.type }}<br/>
      {{ person.location }}
      <ul>
        {% for name, url in person.links -%}
        <li><a href="{{ url }}">{{ name }}</a></li>
        {% endfor -%}
      </ul>
    </div>
  </div>
  <p><strong>Specialties:</strong> <em>{{ person.specialties }}</em></p>
  <p><strong>Interests:</strong> <em>{{ person.interests }}</em></p>
  <p>{{ person.bio }}</p>
</div>
{% endfor -%}
