---
layout: layouts/default.njk
---

<div class="hero">
  <div class="hero-body">
    <div class="container">
      <header>
        <h1 class="title">Meeting Notes</h1>
        <p class="subtitle">We currently have a monthly members-only meeting. We will publish meeting summaries here.</p>
      </header>
      <section id="member-meeting-04-2020">
        <h2>Member meeting - April 17, 2020</h2>
        <ul>
          <li>Reviewed <a href="/financial-reports/#2020-q1">Zinc's Q1 2020 finances</a>
              in preperation to publish them.</li>
          <li>Reviewed incoming leads for project or client work.
              Decided to pursue three client partnerships.</li>
          <li>Reviewed existing projects. Decided to clearly express our needs from
              an existingÂ client to decide whether the relationship has long-term
              viability. Decided to ramp up efforts on modernizing Moment Park.</li>
          <li>Discussed amending operating agreement to reduce unilateral spending
              decisions. General agreement with a formal proposal to be voted on via
              email.</li>
          <li>Discussed continuing the "no one merges their own patches" experiment.
              Chose to revise to "maintainers may merge their own patches with a previous
              review approval so long as additional changes were to address previous
              approvals feedback."</li>
          <li>Discussed pace of incoming contributors. Agree that we want to
              "keep our door open" but that we don't want to spend time and energy chasing
              potential contributors.</li>
          <li>Discussed and agreed to explore migrating off of ConvertKit and Calendly in
              favor of <a href="https://github.com/zinc-collective/support">Support</a>
              to dog-food a sustainable, customer-and-worker owned alternative to
              existing customer development software.</li>
          <li>Agreed to provide managed IT for Google Apps, Calendly, Zoom, etc. for
              members and member organizations with a small markup.</li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="member-meeting-03-2020">
        <h2>Member meeting - March, 2020</h2>
        <ul>
          <li>Reviewed Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss Statement.</li>
          <li>Reviewed pending members.</li>
          <li>Discussed MomentPark's website, and agreed to move to a
              static site with
              <a href="https://github.com/zinc-collective/www.momentpark.com/">
              public source code</a> instead of SquareSpace to save us $250/year.</li>
          <li>Agreed to move <a href="https://www.zinc.coop/compensated/">Compensated's
              landing page</a> to the
              <a href="https://github.com/zinc-collective/www.zinc.coop/">Zinc website</a>
          <li>Decided to prioritize documentation of
              <a href="https://github.com/zinc-collective/compensated/">Compensated</a>
              over additional features</a></li>
          <li>Discussed and agreed to continue conversations with two potential clients.</li>
          <li>Discussed and decided to request an extension of revenue share with an
              existing client in order to mitigate drain on enthusiasm for participation
              in client project.</li>
          <li>Discussed what we would prefer our default contract terms to be when
              evaluating client/coop fit.</li>
          </ul>
      </section>

      <section id="member-meeting-02-2020" class="section">
        <h2>Member meeting - February 21, 2020</h2>
        <ul>
          <li>
            Discussed making sure organizational learnings are spread and recorded.
            <ul>
              <li>We decided to try to record significant decisions and their reasonings in our private work chatroom.</li>
              <li>We decided to try to create and check project progress notes in our chatrooms.</li>
              <li>We decided to have a retrospective for our work on Notabli.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>
            Discussed how to compensate potential members for their contributions.
            <ul>
              <li>Agreed that at least currently, we are not in a position to compensate well with cash.</li>
              <li>If the potential members do end up joining the collective, we could count their work in lieu of some or all of the required capital contribution to join.</li>
              <li>We will discuss how to compensate on an individual level for now.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>
            Discussed status of members in the pipeline and how to onboard members generally.
            <ul>
              <li>Decided to try to better spread member sponsorship out among existing members.</li>
              <li>Decided to create a diagram of the member onboarding process.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
        <p>For members and pending members, <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xEWfbQrJC-1gEQSM4_ATcK2JYn5HgNWPvaW7GArLyrQ/edit?folder=1inkhC_apSgg5Scdp_7i8lgtesFnTQ2ek#bookmark=id.ukxbkn7eu9rt">full meeting minutes are available</a>.</p>
      </section>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
