---
layout: layouts/default.njk
title: Meeting Notes
---
We currently have a monthly members-only meeting. We will publish meeting summaries here.

## Member meeting - May 15, 2020

* Amended our Operating Agreement to consider [any single transaction of $100 or more a Major Decision and require Quorum](/operating-agreement/#d-9-b-major-decisions)
* Decided to pursue [Convene](/convene) aggressively and continue client discovery and development activities in parallel with more deeply learning WebRTC and infrastructure management.
* Decided to prioritize leveraging off-the-shelf technology when possible for Convene, with the intent to backport functionality into [We Got Your Back](https://www.wegotyourback.today/) or [Compensated](/compensated).
* Decided to experiment with personal and organization goal setting to make it easier to find opportunities to collaborate and co-conspire in a mutually beneficial manner.
* Appointed Zee as "front-line" for production errors, with Cheryl and Tom backing him up by making structural improvements.
* Decided to map out how our products and services feed into one another.

## Member meeting - April 17, 2020

*   Reviewed [Zinc's Q1 2020 finances](/financial-overview/#2020-q1) in preperation to publish them.
*   Reviewed incoming leads for project or client work. Decided to pursue three client partnerships.
*   Reviewed existing projects. Decided to clearly express our needs from an existing client to decide whether the relationship has long-term viability. Decided to ramp up efforts on modernizing Moment Park.
*   Discussed amending operating agreement to reduce unilateral spending decisions. General agreement with a formal proposal to be voted on via email.
*   Discussed continuing the "no one merges their own patches" experiment. Chose to revise to "maintainers may merge their own patches with a previous review approval so long as additional changes were to address previous approvals feedback."
*   Discussed pace of incoming contributors. Agree that we want to "keep our door open" but that we don't want to spend time and energy chasing potential contributors.
*   Discussed and agreed to explore migrating off of ConvertKit and Calendly in favor of [Support](https://github.com/zinc-collective/support) to dog-food a sustainable, customer-and-worker owned alternative to existing customer development software.
*   Agreed to provide managed IT for Google Apps, Calendly, Zoom, etc. for members and member organizations with a small markup.

## Member meeting - March, 2020

*   Reviewed Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss Statement.
*   Reviewed pending members.
*   Discussed MomentPark's website, and agreed to move to a static site with [public source code](https://github.com/zinc-collective/www.momentpark.com/) instead of SquareSpace to save us $250/year.
*   Agreed to move [Compensated's landing page](https://www.zinc.coop/compensated/) to the [Zinc website](https://github.com/zinc-collective/www.zinc.coop/)
*   Decided to prioritize documentation of [Compensated](https://github.com/zinc-collective/compensated/) over additional features
*   Discussed and agreed to continue conversations with two potential clients.
*   Discussed and decided to request an extension of revenue share with an existing client in order to mitigate drain on enthusiasm for participation in client project.
*   Discussed what we would prefer our default contract terms to be when evaluating client/coop fit.

## Member meeting - February 21, 2020

*   Discussed making sure organizational learnings are spread and recorded.
    *   We decided to try to record significant decisions and their reasonings in our private work chatroom.
    *   We decided to try to create and check project progress notes in our chatrooms.
    *   We decided to have a retrospective for our work on Notabli.
*   Discussed how to compensate potential members for their contributions.
    *   Agreed that at least currently, we are not in a position to compensate well with cash.
    *   If the potential members do end up joining the collective, we could count their work in lieu of some or all of the required capital contribution to join.
    *   We will discuss how to compensate on an individual level for now.
*   Discussed status of members in the pipeline and how to onboard members generally.
    *   Decided to try to better spread member sponsorship out among existing members.
    *   Decided to create a diagram of the member onboarding process.

For members and pending members, [full meeting minutes are available](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xEWfbQrJC-1gEQSM4_ATcK2JYn5HgNWPvaW7GArLyrQ/edit?folder=1inkhC_apSgg5Scdp_7i8lgtesFnTQ2ek#bookmark=id.ukxbkn7eu9rt).
