src/financial-overview/index.md, before:

---
layout: layouts/default.njk
title: Financial Overview for Zinc Collective, LLC
---
We publish our Profit and Loss and Balance Sheet reports on a quarterly and annual basis as part of our commitment to public and community governance and oversight.

## Q1 2020, January 1st through March 31st

### Q1 2020 Profit and Loss

We recorded a $723.95 loss in Q1 2020

We received $512 in gross receipts, all of which is attributable to our maintenance efforts on [Moment Park](https://www.momentpark.com/)

Our largest costs were:

*   Paying our $800 per year minimum California Franchise Tax for 2020
*   Puchasing a $600 team license for [TailwindUI](https://tailwindui.com/) to streamline design and delivery of web sites and applications without a dedicated designer or front-end wizard.
*   Hiring a tax professional to prepare and file our 2019 taxes.

[Download Zinc Collective's 2020 Q1 Profit and Loss statement](./2020-q1-profit-and-loss.pdf)

### Q1 2020 Balance Sheet

100% of financial assets are held in an FDIC insured cash account.

Zinc Collective carried no liabilities.

[Download Zinc Collective's 2020 Q1 Balance Sheet](./2020-q1-balance-sheet.pdf)

All representations of information are made as of March 31st, 2020

## 2019 Annual Report, January 1st through December 31st

### End of 2019 Profit and Loss

[Download Zinc Collective LLC's 2019 Profit and Loss statement](./2019-profit-and-loss.pdf)

### End of 2019 Balance Sheet

[Download Zinc Collective LLC's 2019 Balance Sheet](./2019-balance-sheet.pdf)

These mirror the [Q4 2019 Profit and Loss](#2019-q4-profit-and-loss) and [Q4 2019 Balance Sheet](#2019-q4-balance-sheet) because we formally began operations on September 1st, 2019

## Q4 2019, October 1st through December 31st

### Q4 2019 Profit and Loss

We received $1,281.60, all of which is attributable to our maintenance efforts on [Moment Park](https://www.momentpark.com/)

Our largest costs were paying our $800 per year minimum California Franchise Tax exercised against Limited Liability Companies.

[Download Zinc Collective's 2019 Q4 Profit and Loss statement](./2019-q4-profit-and-loss.pdf)

Efforts will be made to map revenues to projects on the profit and loss statements going forward.

### Q4 2019 Balance Sheet

100% of financial assets are held in an FDIC insured cash account.

Zinc Collective carried no liabilities.

[Download Zinc Collective's 2019 Q4 Balance Sheet](./2019-q4-balance-sheet.pdf)

All representations of information are made as of December 31st, 2019

Commit message:

Upload Q2 2020 financials (#57)
Something to note is we had improperly stated in the page that our FTB
taxes came out in Q1 2020, when they came out in Q2 2020. I do not
believe this is significant, but I thought it would be good to make note
of the change.

src/financial-overview/index.md, after:

---
layout: layouts/default.njk
title: Financial Overview for Zinc Collective, LLC
---
We publish our Profit and Loss and Balance Sheet reports on a quarterly and annual basis as part of our commitment to public and community governance and oversight.

## Q2 2020, April 1st through June 30th

### Q2 2020 Profit and Loss

We recorded a $709.78 profit in Q2 2020.

We received $4,162.99 in gross receipts; split across Zinc Community Dues, Professional Services, and Product Income.

Our largest costs were paying sub-contractors, paying our 2020 CA FTB taxes, and hosting and infrastructure.

[Download Zinc Collective's 2020 Q2 Profit and Loss statement](./2020-q2-profit-and-loss.pdf)

### Q2 2020 Balance Sheet

100% of financial assets are held in an FDIC insured cash account holding $13,316.43.

Zinc Collective carried a $3,525 liability in the form of a retainer for client services.

[Download Zinc Collective's 2020 Q2 Balance Sheet](./2020-q2-balance-sheet.pdf)

All representations of information are made as of June 30th, 2020

## Q1 2020, January 1st through March 31st

### Q1 2020 Profit and Loss

We recorded a $723.95 loss in Q1 2020

We received $512 in gross receipts, all of which is attributable to our maintenance efforts on [Moment Park](https://www.momentpark.com/)

Our largest costs were:
*   Puchasing a $600 team license for [TailwindUI](https://tailwindui.com/) to streamline design and delivery of web sites and applications without a dedicated designer or front-end wizard.
*   Hiring a tax professional to prepare and file our 2019 taxes.

[Download Zinc Collective's 2020 Q1 Profit and Loss statement](./2020-q1-profit-and-loss.pdf)

### Q1 2020 Balance Sheet

100% of financial assets are held in an FDIC insured cash account.

Zinc Collective carried no liabilities.

[Download Zinc Collective's 2020 Q1 Balance Sheet](./2020-q1-balance-sheet.pdf)

All representations of information are made as of March 31st, 2020

## 2019 Annual Report, January 1st through December 31st

### End of 2019 Profit and Loss

[Download Zinc Collective LLC's 2019 Profit and Loss statement](./2019-profit-and-loss.pdf)

### End of 2019 Balance Sheet

[Download Zinc Collective LLC's 2019 Balance Sheet](./2019-balance-sheet.pdf)

These mirror the [Q4 2019 Profit and Loss](#2019-q4-profit-and-loss) and [Q4 2019 Balance Sheet](#2019-q4-balance-sheet) because we formally began operations on September 1st, 2019

## Q4 2019, October 1st through December 31st

### Q4 2019 Profit and Loss

We received $1,281.60, all of which is attributable to our maintenance efforts on [Moment Park](https://www.momentpark.com/)

Our largest costs were paying our $800 per year minimum California Franchise Tax exercised against Limited Liability Companies.

[Download Zinc Collective's 2019 Q4 Profit and Loss statement](./2019-q4-profit-and-loss.pdf)

Efforts will be made to map revenues to projects on the profit and loss statements going forward.

### Q4 2019 Balance Sheet

100% of financial assets are held in an FDIC insured cash account.

Zinc Collective carried no liabilities.

[Download Zinc Collective's 2019 Q4 Balance Sheet](./2019-q4-balance-sheet.pdf)

All representations of information are made as of December 31st, 2019
