src/product-and-services/index.md, before:

---
layout: layouts/default.njk
title: Products and Services
---
## In Active Development

### [Notabli](https://www.notabli.com)

Notabli helps parents safely share their children's childhood moments with their extended family. We spend four to eight days a month updating [Notabli](https://www.notabli.com).

### [Catalog Choice](https://www.catalogchoice.org)

[Catalog Choice](https://www.catalogchoice.org) helps people reduce their environmental footprint by opting out of catalog mailings. We spend two to three days a month updating [Catalog Choice](https://www.catalogchoice.org) for [The Story of Stuff project](https://storyofstuff.org/).

## In Passive Maintenance

### [We Got Your Back Today](https://www.wegotyourback.today)

[We Got Your Back Today](https://www.wegotyourback.today) is a self-or-professionally hostable support inbox for indie developers, hobbyists, and systems administrators.

### [MomentPark](https://www.momentpark.com)

[MomentPark](https://www.momentpark.com) is a suite of digital photography and videography apps for iOS. It currently needs contributors to help update the applications to better support iOS 13.

Commit message:

Improve header and footer (#49)
* Use TailwindUI footer and move links to header

* Watch styles changes during development

* Add padding to main to make it feel less crowded

* Add centered social media icons in footer

* Remove bullet point to make it feel more 'modern'

* Update product page to align with what we are actively working on

* And remove underline on a tag to make it feel more 'modern' and
hover state is good enough to indicate it's a link

* Consolidate some members tabs in header

* Align all headers item color

src/product-and-services/index.md, after:

---
layout: layouts/default.njk
title: Products and Services
---
## In Active Development

### [Convene](https://www.zinc.coop/convene)

[Convene](https://www.zinc.coop/convene)(Convene creates human connection through safe, accessible and reliable video conferencing.

### [Compensated](https://github.com/zinc-collective/compensated)

[Compensated](https://github.com/zinc-collective/compensated) makes it easy for product and service developers to accept money from whichever payment processor they prefer with a low implementation or switching costs.

### [We Got Your Back Today](https://www.wegotyourback.today)

[We Got Your Back Today](https://www.wegotyourback.today) is a self-or-professionally hostable support inbox for indie developers, hobbyists, and systems administrators.

### [Catalog Choice](https://www.catalogchoice.org)

[Catalog Choice](https://www.catalogchoice.org) helps people reduce their environmental footprint by opting out of catalog mailings. We spend two to three days a month updating [Catalog Choice](https://www.catalogchoice.org) for [The Story of Stuff project](https://storyofstuff.org/).

## In Passive Maintenance

### [MomentPark](https://www.momentpark.com)

[MomentPark](https://www.momentpark.com) is a suite of digital photography and videography apps for iOS. It currently needs contributors to help update the applications to better support iOS 13.
